hey whats up guys filter nike here and i
know it's been forever since i upload a
video on this channel sorry about that
college thing keeping me pretty busy
lately anyway i'll have a lot more
content coming up during the summertime
so just bear with me until then anyway
in today's video i want to go over the
limited edition heroes guides to the
Elder Scrolls online for those of you
that don't know where this is it's
basically a collector's set it comes
with three different books a small lift
graph and a display box all this can be
bought for a hundred dollars on the
Elder Scrolls online website which is
provided in the description below so go
ahead and check that out while you can
because there are only ten thousand
these be made in the entire world so
again it's very rare but it's very
expensive at the same time so if you're
a huge Elder Scrolls online fan then i
would consider buying this but if you're
not then i would not anyway i personally
will not be buying it but it does come
with some really cool features so in my
opinion the best feature about this
entire collector set is the three
different lower books and the
information provided within them that's
because they go over the history of
Tamriel the characters the races their
abilities the different alliances and
how they came to be it goes over alchemy
plant life where to find the plants how
they originated and they even goes over
adventures and quest lines that could be
found throughout gameplay and the Elder
Scrolls online so I'm very curious to
see how all this comes together because
basically it's all new information that
hasn't been yet released to the public
anyway what do you guys think of this
collector set do you think it's good do
you think it's bad is it worth buying I
don't know you guys let me know in the
comment section below I'll make sure to
get back to you on that but in the
meantime go ahead and pause the video on
any example that you're viewing and read
up on some of the text just so you can
get a sense of what's going to be found
in these different stories and so forth
like that anyway guys thanks for
watching don't forget to rate comment
and subscribe and I will see you guys
next time peach